Had to drive out to Dave's place for this one, as it started in
Winthrop, rather than Mazama.  Took us a bit to organize, as it does
with a group of this size.  10 miles flat riding on paved roads, then
we turned off onto another paved road for the start of the climb.  10
or so miles on paved road, then turned off onto a gravel road.  It was
a pretty steady grade, so not really difficult climbing, however it
was quite long.  About a 20 mile climb all together, about 5200
vertical feet.  About 3/4 of the way up there was a pull off with an
amazing view.  At 5 miles to go, we had some water stashed, so we
filled up bottles, and kept going.  At this point I was getting pretty
sick of the climbing.  With about 2 miles to go, I started seeing the
first of our group decending.  They cheered me on and I kept it up.
Finally got to the top, and saw Dave and Dave.  I rolled just past the
pass to get a view from the other side.  Not quite as spectacular as
the other view, but good enough for a selfie.  The others put on
jackets, but I didn't have any extra clothes.  The weather forecast
was really good for the week, and I really did not account for
coolness at attitude.  I was not really cold though, only my hands a
little bit, but not enough to be an real issue.  We started down
together, but about 1/3 of they way down they passed me.  I was
struggling on some of the washboard gravel road.  One time my hand
slipped off the bars, and there were several other times they nearly
did so.  It was super jarring, and hard to hand on.  I passed Rick on
the way.  About 1/2 way down the road turned back to pavement, which
was much smoother.  Rick caught up to me at the bottom, and thankfully
his device map was working, as mine was not, and google maps seemed to
want to take me on a long trip back.  I rode with Rick the last 8 or
so miles back to Dave's.  Somehow we rode right past the cafe where
everyone else had stopped, not sure how we missed 12 bikes there.  Got
to Daves, brewed some coffee, grabbed some chips and a few bottles of
sports drink to replace some electrolytes.  Shared chips with
the rest of the crew, then found a beer in the fridge.  That sure went
down nicely!  Then packed up and headed back to Brads.

