Up and over Banker Pass
Today was a day entirely off pavement.  
Started on a bit of flat out of town, then hit a gravel road.  Moderate grade, I started off in the lead of the group, fell back to the middle, and by 1/3 of the way up the climb was a bit off the back.  No worries.  It started to cool down, and got a bit misty near the top.  It looked like rain up ahead as well, and I was starting to get worried, as I really did not have any foul weather gear.  We rode up to the top, 9.5 miles and 2344 feet of climbing.  Regrouped and started the decent.  I got chilly quite quickly.  We stopped where we turned right, and I saw a sign to Wintrop 15 miles.  Stopped the group, and asked about riding into town.  Brad said this was possible, but it would put me out of town, I would need to traverse back in, then another 15 miles back to the house in Mazama.  This sounded fine to me, as I really needed to get a wind vest to keep doing these kind of rides.  The other guys encouraged me to stay.  Brad gave me his rain coat to stuff under my jersey to block the wind, and John offered his wind vest, as he was wearing a few layers.  Put those on, and that helped on the next part of the decent tremendously!  We had about 1000 feet of decending on a really smooth packed sand road.  Super nice.  I didn't hit it any faster than 24 mph, as it was not very steep and I wanted to take it easy.  A bit of a climb up another gravel road.  We stopped at a neat little overnight hut, and poked around inside.  Looks like it would be a fun getaway!  Continued our decent on some sweet flowy single track, followed by a bit of gravel road that was a bit rocky and loose.  More single track, a super steep bit of gravel, singletrack, etc.  Finally finished on a bit of flats with a slight downhill grade back to the store, where we got a bit of coffee and lunch.  I was so thankful that I kept with the group instead of riding back solo, it was a really fun bit of decending!  The other guys were glad not to leave me alone in bear country ( there had been recent bear sightings there).  John said it would be a really bummer to have to tell Kendall that her father had gotten eaten, especially on Father's Day!

After lunch I borrowed Tom's car and drove out to the bike shop before they closed.  Was looking for a wind vest, and at first only saw ones in a hideous neon yellow, but found a nice red one on the clearance rack, and grabbed some cheap arm warmers as well.  All set for cool weather now!

