fun day

Started from Daves, rode a short bit of gravel then gained the community trail.  After a bit, hit a paved road up toward Patterson Lake, and jumped on some really nice singletrack up past the lake.  It was a gradual uphill, but with lots of rollers, so you didn't realize you were trending up hill.  Some of it was quite exposed, if you dropped off the trail it was a steep fallaway to the lake, but the tread was wide enough that loosing it was not much of a risk.  This was followed by a pretty nice decent down Elbow Coulee, a nice wide gravel road that was well graded and quite smooth.  Soon after we took a short paved section next to the Twisp river, then gained a gravel forest road up toward Black Pine campground.  It was a long 8 miles and 2000 feet of climbing to the top.  I pretty quickly fell off the pace, and was off by myself for the whole climb.  I had joked earlier about listening to Ebooks on my ride, as I was not riding next to anyone to chat with.  I rolled past the campground, after thinking about stopping for water for a moment, but decided to keep going as I was so far off the rest of the group.  I later came to regret this.  Took a nice decent on decent gravel with only a few broken sections, followed by some paved road, again with a bit of broken meters.  Arrived at the bottom, and was not sure which way to go.  I turned one way, and soon came across one of the two possible climbs on the itineray.  This one was the "hard one" and I was not too stoked to give it a shot.  I turned back not really sure where to go.  I had no cell phone access, so no google maps.  The inn I stopped in there was no one inside, so I couldn't ask for help.  Soon after I found a cycle touring couple, and asked if this was the way to downtown Winthrop.  They said no, I should turn around, head to the town of Twisp, and from there turn off to Winthrop.  This didn't sound too far, but I had no way to tell how long it would take.  I kept pedalling, pretty slowly as I was tired and not super motivated.  Just as I reached the road weh had come in on, and realized that it was possible to return via that route ( and ride that sweet singletrack again!), some of my group caught up to me.  They had stopped at the campground to get water, and a couple of folks went for a swim!  They had left one to try to catch me as I passed, but he must have wandered off to hit the bathroom when I had come by.  I was really happy to see them, and they were planning on retracing our start, which was a shorter and more fun return to our originization point.  We rode back up the Coulee, which was a steady climb, then down the Patterson lake singletrack, and back to the community trail, which again was a net downhill, and pretty fast.  Arrived in downtown Winthrop, and stopped for a beer and a cheeseburger, which really hit the spot ofter 4 1/2 hours of riding.  Dave and Sam rode back to Dave's house to get vehicles, at which point the rest of the crew arrived at the resteraunt and sat down to eat.  The early arrivers left back to camp, showered and got ready for dinner, which was a bunch of excellent leftovers from earlier in the week.

